all major banks are insolvent the larger
the bank the more insolvent they are
also the larger they are the more
control they have the more political
influence and ultimately the more power
they wield over the Global Financial
system when Bankers sit inside of every
High position of government they can
manipulate and bend the laws and
regulations in their favor and there's
no surprise that they do you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you let's talk about how insolvent these
banks are beginning with this article
out of the financial times three of the
biggest US Banks have been judged to
pose greater systemic risks than last
year and had their Capital requirements
increased by global Regulators in their
annual rankings of the most systemically
important financial institutions and
what we're talking about is City Group
Bank of America and Wells Fargo they all
had their Capital buffers increased by
several billion dollars that's right so
here they are trying to prevent another
crisis from occurring so they do stress
tests regularly and they have these
requirements which need to be put in
place and that says
look at any moment there could be a
crisis so you need to be prepared and in
order to do that you can't give away all
of the money that you have you need to
keep a certain percentage and over the
years that number has dwindled from
100% and has gone down to essentially
zero and nobody really believes this in
the mainstream or individuals that
you'll talk to some do believe that they
probably don't have all the money that
they need because they know that people
are not going to pull out their money
all at once most of the people they keep
their money in the bank they're not all
going to have a bank run they don't know
that's even possible so what happens is
you have Bankers who are willing
to do a little bit of interesting
accounting and this will allow them to
stretch and bend and
mold their profits and this is called
fractional Reserve banking it's an
initial strategy that they use to profit
off of what they had on hand so you can
loan out more money than you actually
have meanwhile HSBC Barclays and Morgan
Stanley were all judged to be less
systemically risky and had the size of
the capital buffer they must hold
reduced now think of that for a second
here
all of them every single one are
insolvent we know that that's a fact and
you look at this because this is just a
chart showing you
this look at any of these when they
essentially have to hold zero close to
zero if you round
it in the amount of currency that they
hold they don't have a buffer they talk
about you know these corporations need
to keep a buffer just in case well they
don't have one it's no different than
the
FDIC trying to have Deposit
Insurance for
the massive amounts of cash that are
kept in the banking system and then you
actually look at how much they have and
it is essentially around the same amount
they couldn't bail out even one single
Bank f failure should it be a relatively
large Bank this has all
been a perfect storn just waiting to
happen the banks judge to be
systemically important have to hold a
special buffer of debt that can be here
we go bailed in known as the total loss
absorbency capacity or
tlac in an attempt to prevent taxpayer
bailout suffered during the financial
crisis so bailouts are bad bailin are
good and I had to show you that little
part there just because the bail-ins are
coming and it isn't what they create a
quote unquote special
buffer if they had these special buffers
in place
prior they would have used them but no
they didn't do so and you have major
catastrophes that have been avoided and
you have major
institutions which did go under that
actually did occur so understand the
fact that we are currently in the
financial crisis part two despite what
the stock market is showing we can see
that the banking system which could
never be bailed out it could not be
bailed in and yet every single day it
puts itself into a more dangerous
position and that effectively puts you
and I into that same position and it
doesn't matter what country you come
from because they are all in the exact
same
boat protests flare over Venezuela cash
chaos three deaths
reported this seems to be a growing
epidemic here that individuals are
suffering in Venezuela the poverty is
increasing there are lineups for just
about everything and the black Market
which has developed is booming and this
doesn't surprise me at all Venezuela
protests over worthless cash scattered
looting as population is stuck with a
voided 100 boulevar
note again all connected in with this
and we see it to be a
problem not just in Venezuela but now
spreading around the world thinking that
you can manipulate the currency in any
way whether that's expanding the money
supply or whether that is calling in
cash like what's happening in
India thinking that this could ever
solve a problem is clearly the wrong way
to
go Russia is deploying short range
ballistic missiles to its Western
European
enclave and it's talking about counter
measures now we don't know what to
believe on either side of Wars what I
would say is that it is very clear that
there is a proxy war taking place in
different areas like in Ukraine we've
seen the data talking about uh in Syria
as well and it's so
close to getting there to come
to World War
III and I don't know how exactly it's
been avoided this far but I do believe
that it is a great thing to hear that
the chances of Russia and the us having
better
relations that is such a good thing to
hear no doubt this year just basically
talk talking about the uh advancement of
the military and the Weaponry that are
going uh On the Border there and it
seems to be from both sides once again
we don't know what to believe
but this here if it is true it is truly
frightening cyber criminals have
remotely attacked cash machines in more
than a dozen countries across Europe
this year check this out they use
malatia software that forces machines to
spit out the cash
now that's in itself interesting however
what concerns me is that individuals
they put their money into the bank now
what I have seen in multiple cases
covered it here on the channel of course
is that the bank sometimes they have a
quote unquote glitch which leaves people
with 0 in their Bank there are also
cases where people cannot access their
money for whatever reason this is a big
big problem because what if in the
future they do this
quote unquote by
accident and it leaves you without your
money what are you going to do if you
need that it's an emergency what if they
decide to devalue the currency during
the time that you have been unable to
get your savings it's a very dangerous
thing and that's why I do not believe in
the banking system it is not safe at all
now this has happened multiple times
before but I wanted to bring this to you
it's a more recent sighting military
plane circles low over Manhattan prompts
brief widespread confusion so it's
going this military plane driving around
and around people are taking pictures of
it their videos of it nobody knows
anything people are making phone calls
trying to figure out what exactly is
going on they're getting scared and it's
not high up in the sky I mean this thing
was very low to the ground and it was
freak people out and instead of just
telling people in advance making a
notice somewhere so that when people
start asking questions it was able to be
found out no this was found out quite
afterwards and it seemed to be a very
you
know nonchalant thing where the
government
said you know we were just conducting
business shut up and that's what worries
me the military is constantly constantly
doing these operations in the middle of
the day in the middle of the night
freaking people out and one day it's not
going to be a drill it's going to be for
real and last but not least Lowe's
unveils lobot the bilingual robot and
this right here is once again what I was
thinking is this type of thing would
replace those Walmart greeters they
could do a lot of the simple tasks that
people are currently doing right now
maybe you need directions to one part of
the store maybe you want uh to return an
item where this thing could direct you
in the right way and they would be much
more efficient in doing so they could
walk you to the destination if you're
looking for something they could bring
you right to that aisle perhaps help you
with the checkout you could probably
check out at this machine I'm not sure
and this here once again Robotics and
automation replacing jobs if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs
up if you found the video informative
then you will definitely find my book
The Money GPS even more informative so
go over to Amazon where they have a look
inside feature which allows you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take
care well it's about 3:00 in the
morning and I'm signing off I'm going to
post the video
and hit the hey